hello everyone and welcome to the Box
desire today I'll be unboxing the halo
master chief collection this is an xbox
one exclusive that retails for sixty
dollars like any other new Xbox one
title but it comes with four games in
one disc it includes a low one two three
and four however halo 1 and 2 are
visually enhanced and with HD audio to
match the quality of the others there
are over a hundred multiplayer maps to
play with friends or online and you also
get access to the halo 5 multiplayer
beta as we open up the box you can see
there is some paperwork and this
includes the entertainment download for
halo nightfall a live-action series a
sunset overdrive promo and a two-day
trial for Xbox Live to play online and
other than that you get the disc itself
you'll see that it is very plain and not
very appealing but i guess the content
inside is what really matters now i was
fortunate enough to pre-order my copy at
the microsoft store and therefore i got
some pre-order bonuses and other free
items so if you pre-ordered at the
microsoft store online you were
qualified to receive a ten dollar gift
card in addition to this license plate
frame that says my other car is a
warthog and you also get a master chief
decal as well since i went to the actual
store i also got a black aluminum bottle
which has a matte finish that feels very
soft i also got a rocket like shiny pen
also with microsoft branding and finally
i was lucky to obtain a minimalistic but
very cool looking t-shirt of the halo
master chief collection so definitely
pre-order all your xbox one games at the
microsoft store because they usually
have great bonuses but that is it for
this video i'm loving the game so far
and the new cutscenes look amazing in
the remastered version of halo 2 really
my only complaint would be that it
requires a 59.1 gigabyte install which
is a ton of storage but it is four games
in one so it's reasonable if you enjoy
the content be sure to follow me on
Twitter for daily updates about the
channel also please hit the subscribe
button down below to receive
notifications when I upload new videos
like this thanks for watching